## Chatblast.me

[Chatblast.me](https://chatblast.me) is a replacement for the iOS Slack Share Sheet.

If you have a small number of channels you want to share content with but they're on multiple Slack teams, it can be frustrating to have to choose the team and channel every time. Looping through the Slack share sheet is also really cumbersome if you have one thing to share to multiple places. Chatblast.me can make sharing to Slack much easier and lets you use Shortcuts to post messages and images to Slack.

### FAQ

#### Are my authentication tokens stored on Chatblast.me?

Your tokens are stored in memory on Chatblast.me for one hour and then discarded. They are never stored on disk or written to any log files. (Feel free to check the source code.) Your tokens are also embedded in each target blaster shortcut file. Be sure to keep the shortcut files safe, as they would allow anyone with access to them to post Slack messages as you. If you revoke application access for Chatblast.me, the shortcuts will also stop working.

#### This app seems to want a lot of permissions. Why does it need them?

- Access your workspace’s profile information

Chatblast.me needs access to usernames name the shortcut files. For example, a shortcut may be named "s__MyTeam-@MyFriend".
- Send messages as you

The shortcuts generated by Chatblast.me need to be able to send messages as you.

- Upload and modify files as you

When Chatblast.me uploads a shortcut, it is uploaded as your user account so the authorization tokens are always under your control. Chatblast.me will also delete the shortcut files from Slack after you've downloaded them.

- Confirm your identity

In order to use Chatblast.me, you must have a Slack account.

- Access information about your channels and direct messages

Chatblast.me needs to be able to read channel information to name the shortcut files it generates.

- Access information about your workspace

Shortcut files start with the team's name. This permission is required in order to generate that name.

#### What are you going to do with all those permissions?

Chatblast.me uses the granted permissions to generate the iOS Shortcuts file. After an hour, the authorization tokens are purged from Chatblast.me's server and only live on in the iOS Shortcuts file it sent you. The Chatblast.me server doesn't store authorization tokens longer than it has to. If you want to generate more shortcuts after an hour, you will need to go through the OAuth flow again. Going through the Oauth flow multiple times won't affect previously generated shortcuts.

#### Does my shared content go through the Chatblast.me server?

No. The shortcuts generated by Chatblast.me send data directly to the Slack web API. The Chatblast.me server does not see any data you're sharing on Slack. You can verify this by opening the shortcut and looking for the "URL" and "Get Contents of URL" shortcut items. The only network connects made by Shortcuts go to directly to slack.com.

#### Can I remove the Chatblast.me Slack application after I've created the shortcuts I want?

No. I mean, you can, but if you do the shortcuts will stop working. The authentication tokens that are embedded in each shortcut file can only post to Slack if Chatblast.me has access to your team and user account. If someone other than you gets a copy of the Chatblast.me shortcuts files, you should remove the app from Slack to prevent other people from posting to Slack as you.

#### I don't trust you with access to my Slack account. Can I run my own server?

Yes! That's what this repo is for. If you run your own server, you will have to set up your own web server and Slack app, but after you've generated your shortcut files you can shut off your copy of the server and everything will continue to work. The server running at https://chatblast.me is running as a convenience instance.

#### Can I use the shortcuts created by Chatblast.me with other shortcuts?

Yes! The Chatblast.me shortcuts will accept input from other shortcuts. You can look at the multi-blaster shortcut for an example of how to pass data into a blaster shortcut.

#### This code looks suspiciously like it's supposed to support more than one Slack command.

Yeah, this code was adapted from another project which is more of a generalized Slack bot system. Several components were ripped out to simplify this implementation. There may be some references in the code to those missing components.
